docs: add gitlab and auth0 (#3700)
zitadel/zitadel: docs/docs/guides/integrations/auth0.md

---
title: Connect with Auth0
---

This guide shows how to enable login with ZITADEL on auth0.

It covers how to:

- create and configure the application in your project
- create and configure the connection in your auth0 tenant

Prerequisits:

- existing ZITADEL organisation, if not present follow [this guide](../../guides/basics/get-started#trying-out-zitadel-on-zitadelch)
- existing project, if not present follow the first 3 steps [here](../../guides/basics/projects#exercise---create-a-simple-project)
- existing auth0 tenant as described [here](https://auth0.com/docs/get-started/auth0-overview/create-tenants)

We have to switch between ZITADEL and auth0. If the headings begin with "ZITADEL" switch to the ZITADEL console and if the headings start with auth0 please switch to the auth0 gui.

## **auth0**: Create a new connection

In Authentication > Enterprise

1. Press the "+" button right to "OpenID Connect"  
  ![Create new connection](/img/oidc/auth0/auth0-create-app.png)
2. Set a connection name for example "ZITADEL"

> 3. The issuer url is `https://issuer.zitadel.ch/.well-known/openid-configuration`

Author: ```suggestion
3. The issuer url is `https://{your_domain}/.well-known/openid-configuration`
```
